Add docker (#37)
COVID-science-engine/crowdsourced-papers-frontend: README.md

- Postgres
- Heroku

There are two ways to run the app locally, either you can install all the necessary tools yourself, or you can run it all in docker.

### Method 1: Use docker
Prerequisites: [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

Run `docker-compose up` to start the application and a postgreSQL database in docker.

This will take a long time to build the first time, but will be faster after that.

In another terminal, run the following to create the database:

```
docker-compose exec app rails db:setup
docker-compose exec app rails db:migrate
```

Whenever any of the dependencies change, run `docker-compose build` to rebuild the docker containers.

### Method 2: install all the things

> Prerequisites: Ruby 2.6.5, Node >=10.13.0, yarn, postgreSQL 12.2.

Reviewer: I'd probably turn this into a list to make it more scannable. And links could also help!

```suggestion
Prerequisites: 

- Ruby 2.6.5 (we recommend using a Ruby version manager like [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv))
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) >= 10.13.0
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com)
- PostgreSQL 12.2
```

#### 1. Ensure PostgreSQL is running
Install and start postgresql.

- On macOS, you can use `pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres start`
- (To stop postgres use `pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres stop`)

#### 2. Install application dependencies

```
bundle install
yarn install
```

#### 3. Create the database and seed data

```
rails db:setup
rails db:migrate
```

#### 4. Start the application

```
rails server
```

## Viewing the app

Once the app is running, go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it.

In development, the username and password is `foo` / `bar`.

## Running tests

Run

```
rails spec
```

(`docker-compose exec app rails spec` if using docker)

## Editor

> You can use your editor of choice but please make sure to reformat your code with [Prettier](https://prettier.io) according to the `.prettierrc` file.

Reviewer: Do you actually use anything for formatting Ruby code? Or a linter/checker? Could be nice to mention it here.

Author: Not yet - I've added an issue for it here https://github.com/COVID-science-engine/crowdsourced-papers-frontend/issues/41

> You can use your editor of choice but please make sure to reformat your code with [Prettier](https://www.moeckernkiez.de/quartier-moeckernkiez/freie-wohnungen/kosten/) according to the `.prettierrc` file.

Reviewer: Wtf, I think back then I copy-pasted the wrong link URL. :D 

```suggestion
You can use your editor of choice but please make sure to reformat your code with [Prettier](https://prettier.io) according to the `.prettierrc` file.
```
